README.md, before:

![img.png](img/cover.png)

# Quick Bites

![Pulumi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pulumi-8A3391?style=for-the-badge&logo=Pulumi&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Terraform&logoColor=white)

Different type of projects, not big enough to warrant a separate repo.

- [Quick Bites of Pulumi: Pulumi Random Provider](/pulumi-random-provider)
- [How to use GoReleaser with Cloud Native Storage](/goreleaser-blob)
- [GoReleaser: How To Distribute Your Binaries With Homebrew or GoFish](/goreleaser-brew-fish)
- [Quick Bites of Pulumi: Stack References](/pulumi-stackreference)
- [Pulumi OCI Provider: How to create a Minecraft ARM instance](/pulumi-oci)
- [Quick Bites of FluxCD: Health assessment](/flux-health)
- [Running faasd on Azure Arm-based Virtual Machines](/pulumi-faasd-arm)
- [How to write custom policies for Trivy](/trivy-custom-policy)
- [How to enable the Cilium Hubble UI in a Civo k3s cluster](/pulumi-civo-cilium-hubble)
- [How to monitor Cilium on your Civo k3s cluster with Prometheus](/pulumi-civo-cilium-prometheus)
- [Continuous Cluster Audit Scanning With The Trivy Operator Using Custom Policies](/trivy-operator-custom-policy)
- [Use Pulumi To Deploy Your Static Site to AWS Amplify](/pulumi-hashnode-aws-amplify-hackathon)
- [Running a Minecraft Server on an Exoscale SKS Cluster using Pulumi and CUE](/pulumi-exoscale)
- [How to async/await in Rust: An Introduction](/rust-async)

Notes:

- [Cover Pic](https://www.wallpapertip.com/de/TJTRRb/)

Commit message:

feat: add Advanced Secret Management on Kubernetes With Pulumi and GitOps: Sealed Secrets Controller article (#102)
Signed-off-by: Engin Diri <engin.diri@ediri.de>

Signed-off-by: Engin Diri <engin.diri@ediri.de>

README.md, after:

![img.png](img/cover.png)

# Quick Bites

![Pulumi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pulumi-8A3391?style=for-the-badge&logo=Pulumi&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Terraform&logoColor=white)

Different type of projects, not big enough to warrant a separate repo.

- [Quick Bites of Pulumi: Pulumi Random Provider](/pulumi-random-provider)
- [How to use GoReleaser with Cloud Native Storage](/goreleaser-blob)
- [GoReleaser: How To Distribute Your Binaries With Homebrew or GoFish](/goreleaser-brew-fish)
- [Quick Bites of Pulumi: Stack References](/pulumi-stackreference)
- [Pulumi OCI Provider: How to create a Minecraft ARM instance](/pulumi-oci)
- [Quick Bites of FluxCD: Health assessment](/flux-health)
- [Running faasd on Azure Arm-based Virtual Machines](/pulumi-faasd-arm)
- [How to write custom policies for Trivy](/trivy-custom-policy)
- [How to enable the Cilium Hubble UI in a Civo k3s cluster](/pulumi-civo-cilium-hubble)
- [How to monitor Cilium on your Civo k3s cluster with Prometheus](/pulumi-civo-cilium-prometheus)
- [Continuous Cluster Audit Scanning With The Trivy Operator Using Custom Policies](/trivy-operator-custom-policy)
- [Use Pulumi To Deploy Your Static Site to AWS Amplify](/pulumi-hashnode-aws-amplify-hackathon)
- [Running a Minecraft Server on an Exoscale SKS Cluster using Pulumi and CUE](/pulumi-exoscale)
- [How to async/await in Rust: An Introduction](/rust-async)
- [Advanced Secret Management on Kubernetes With Pulumi and GitOps: Sealed Secrets Controller](/pulumi-argocd-sealedsecrets)

Notes:

- [Cover Pic](https://www.wallpapertip.com/de/TJTRRb/)
